**Group 6: Meeting Minutes/Notes**

* Friday, January 16 – from 10:00 AM to 11:30 AM  
  * Brainstormed ideas for project  
  * Gathered a sense of everyone's skillset  
* Monday, January 19 – from 11:30 AM to 1:30 PM  
  * Began discussing ITR0   
  * Splitting tasks up  
    * Creation of vision statement, big user stories, iteration 1 detailed user stories  
    * Began brainstorming for future iterations:  
      * Ronan/Gabriel: G1/G1/G Learning pathway  
      * Tashi/Ross: Safety Features  
      * Mobeen/Salik: Extra features  
* Friday, January 23 – from 10:00 AM to 11:30 AM  
  * Meeting with client  
  * Finished editing client meeting  
  * Began creating index cards for user stories  
* Monday, January 26 – from 7:00 PM to 8:00 PM  
  * Final review of  ITR0 project before submission to github  
  * Hand in meeting video  
* Tuesday, January 27 – from 9:00 PM to 10:40 PM  
  * Began discussion of ITR1  
  * Looked at similar projects for ideas   
  * Discussed the steps we would take for the implementation of the iteration 1 user stories  
* Friday, January 30 – from 10:20 AM to 11:00 AM  
  * Split up tasks for some of iteration 1 user stories  
    * Ross/Ronan: User modules and quizzes  
    * Salik/Tashi: Test routes  
    * Mobeen/Gabriel: Checklist for passenger  
  * Setup Jira workspace  
  * Organized github repository  
* Monday, February 02 \- from 9:10 PM to 10:40 PM  
  * Began implementation, looked for design inspiration/creation of prototypes  
  * Design inspiration by sketching by hand and by using Figma   
  * Discussed design choices:  
    * Overall “vibe” of the website  
* Wednesday, February 04 \- from 9:00 to 11:00  
  * discuss which software we are using  
  * IDE (Cursor)  
  * Use of GitHub and branching   
  * Tech stack for front-end and back-end  
  * Use of AI  
  * Speak about due dates  
  *  How we are going to split the work   
* Friday, February 6th \- from 10:00 am to 12 pm  
  * Discussion of Iteration 1   
  * Began implementation of stub database  
  * Created branches for features  
  * Set deadlines for user feature implementations  
*  Sunday, February 08 \- from 8:00 Pm to 9:30 Pm   
  * Discussed iteration 01  
  * Talked about assigned tasks   
  * Checked the progress of each group member  
  * final review of current features  
  * merge files to the main   
  * discussed future meetings  
* Monday, February 09 \- from 11:30pm to 1:30pm  
  * finalizing brand identity (logo, colour palette)  
  * Planning to add more content to modules and quizzes  
  * Discussing more features for test routes page  
  * Discussed adding of "Data visualization and User as Examiner"  
  * Discussed implementing log in page (make a branch for this)  
  * Discussed update branches to be in line with the main branch


  


  
